---
layout: post
title: 'ARISE: A Multi-Task Weak Supervision Framework for Network Measurements'
categories: multi-task-learning machine-learning
meta: "ARISE"
metatags: index, follow
permalink: /arise/
excerpt: 'A discussion on the process I went through, challenges I faced, and findings I discovered in working on the ARISE framework, a multi-task deep learning model for network traffic classification published in the IEEE Journal on Selected Areas in Communications.'
---

* TOC
{:toc}

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Fusce bibendum neque eget nunc mattis eu sollicitudin enim tincidunt. Vestibulum lacus tortor, ultricies id dignissim ac, bibendum in velit.

## Outline

1. Getting Started
   1. Inheriting EMERGE
   2. Fighting servers; learning new technologies and how to work remotely
   3. Finding data
   4. Training STL models
   5. Updating Snorkel
2. Implementing MTL
   1. What is MTL?
   2. See Sebastian Ruder overview (and thanks for the site inspiration!)  
   3. Using Snorkel, working with data
3. Eureka moment
   1. When it worked, getting tasks to train properly
   2. Broadening suite of tasks (noise, loss, congestion)
4. Initial findings
   1. Much faster than STL, accuracy mostly better
   2. Sometimes model fails to train properly, have to retain, but still faster than MTL
      1. This training issue seems to have gone away in later versions/updates of Snorkel/working on a different hardware system; possibly a bug in Snorkel
5. Expanding to RIPE Atlas data
6. Initial submission for peer review
   1. ACM?
7. Began working on other projects (NLP, NSG)
8. Expanding to changepoints, composite tasks
9. Rejection, coping with it, learning from it
   1. I was an undergrad at this point, wasn't sure how to handle or respond
10. Revisions, building on it, addressing their points and improving
11. Next submission
12. Joining grad school, moving to prioritize research
    1.  Challenges and difficulties I faced
13. IEEE JSAC submission
    1. First round: decent feedback, wanted improvements on analysis and addressing meta learning (which I had never heard of at this point)
    2. We addressed their points and resubmit to wait a few more weeks.
    3. And then -- acceptance! With some minor changes.
14. Publishing process -- long, drawn out, confusing. Hard to handle without knowing the details of our grants that were supporting the project, etc.
15. Feeling burnt out, wanting it to be done.
16. Finally, submitting the fees, polishing the code, making final revisions and corrections to citations, etc., and graduating.
